README.md, before:

# INFO6205 [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/rchillyard/INFO6205_Solutions.svg?style=svg&circle-token=e04e620a015b2df70efde4d506ee6ac96531377c)](https://circleci.com/gh/rchillyard/INFO6205_Solutions)
This is the class repository for Program Structure and Algorithms


Your task for this assignment is in three parts.

(Part 1) You are to implement three methods of a class called Timer. Please see the skeleton class that I created in the repository. Timer is invoked from a class called Benchmark_Timer which implements the Benchmark interface. The APIs of these class are as follows:

The function to be timed, hereinafter the "target" function, is the Consumer function fRun (or just f) passed in to one or other of the constructors. For example, you might create a function which sorts an array with n elements.

The generic type T is that of the input to the target function.

The first parameter to the first run method signature is the parameter that will, in turn, be passed to target function. In the second signature, supplier will be invoked each time to get a t which is passed to the other run method.

The second parameter to the run function (m) is the number of times the target function will be called.

The return value from run is the average number of milliseconds taken for each run of the target function.

Don't forget to check your implementation by running the unit tests in BenchmarkTest and TimerTest.

(Part 2) Implement InsertionSort (in the InsertionSort class) by simply looking up the insertion code used by Arrays.sort. You should use the helper.swap method although you could also just copy that from the same source code. You should of course run the unit tests in InsertionSortTest.

(Part 3) Implement a main program (or you could do it via your own unit tests) to actually run the following benchmarks: measure the running times of this sort, using four different initial array ordering situations: random, ordered, partially-ordered and reverse-ordered. I suggest that your arrays to be sorted are of type Integer. Use the doubling method for choosing n and test for at least five values of n. Draw any conclusions from your observations regarding the order of growth.

Commit message:

updating readme.md file as per assignment

README.md, after:

# INFO6205 [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/rchillyard/INFO6205_Solutions.svg?style=svg&circle-token=e04e620a015b2df70efde4d506ee6ac96531377c)](https://circleci.com/gh/rchillyard/INFO6205_Solutions)
This is the class repository for Program Structure and Algorithms


Your task is

Step 1:

(a) Implement height-weighted Quick Union with Path Compression. For this, you will flesh out the class UF_HWQUPC. All you have to do is to fill in the sections marked with // TO BE IMPLEMENTED ... // ...END IMPLEMENTATION.

(b) Check that the unit tests for this class all work. You must show "green" test results in your submission (screenshot is OK). 

Step 2:

Using your implementation of UF_HWQUPC, develop a UF ("union-find") client that takes an integer value n from the command line to determine the number of "sites." Then generates random pairs of integers between 0 and n-1, calling connected() to determine if they are connected and union() if not. Loop until all sites are connected then print the number of connections generated. Package your program as a static method count() that takes n as the argument and returns the number of connections; and a main() that takes n from the command line, calls count() and prints the returned value. If you prefer, you can create a main program that doesn't require any input and runs the experiment for a fixed set of n values. Show evidence of your run(s).

Step 3:

Determine the relationship between the number of objects (n) and the number of pairs (m) generated to accomplish this (i.e. to reduce the number of components from n to 1). Justify your conclusion in terms of your observations and what you think might be going on.
